Still alive, take him to the hospital
We're so close to finding the mastermind.
Maybe we can even find the original
But this is what he said.
Who are they and the old lady?
Oh, what's wrong with you?
You're not mad, are you?
What do you think?
Don't be angry.
Am I fine?
And almost found the black hand
I really can't help you.
Don't take risks in the future
But the whole Jingzhou
There are only a few people called the old lady
Could it be your grandma?
My grandma.
Impossible, grandma, although a little short-tempered
But ever since my dad left
He will no longer interfere in the affairs of the group
It can't be him.
Who would that be?
Hello, Mom.
Ah, I see.
Now I'm sure it's not grandma
Because he immediately invited us home for dinner